Dream Hotel Tycoon Privacy Policy

introduction

Private information refers to secrets that citizens do not want to disclose or know for others in their personal lives. Dream Hotel Tycoon values the protection of user privacy information. When you use Dream Hotel Tycoon products and services, Dream Hotel Tycoon may collect and use your relevant information. Dream Hotel Tycoon hopes to use this policy to explain to you the information that Dream Hotel Tycoon may collect (including collection methods), the purpose of collecting this information, Dream Hotel Tycoon and how you protect the security of this information, etc. Please read this policy carefully before using all products and services of Dream Hotel Tycoon, and make sure you understand our handling rules for your personal information. If you have any questions about this privacy agreement, you can contact us for consultation. If you do not agree to any terms in this privacy agreement, you should immediately stop using Dream Hotel Tycoon products and services. Once you choose to use or update this privacy policy in Dream Hotel Tycoon (Dream Hotel Tycoon will prompt you to update the situation) continue to use Dream Hotel Tycoon products and services, it means that you recognize and accept all of this policy (including the updated version) Content, and agree that Dream Hotel Tycoon collects, uses, saves and shares your relevant information in accordance with this policy.

1. Information we may collect

2. The purpose of the information we collect and the rules of use

3. Information sharing, transfer and disclosure

Fourth, our information security protection

5. Your management of personal information

6. Protection of minors' information

7. Disclaimer

8. The scope of application of this policy

9. The revision and effective date of this policy


1. Information we may collect

Dream Hotel Tycoon collects information in order to provide better services to all users. The main sources of information collected by Dream Hotel Tycoon are: information you provide to Dream Hotel Tycoon, information obtained by Dream Hotel Tycoon during your use of Dream Hotel Tycoon products and services, and your information shared by third parties. The types of information collected by Dream Hotel Tycoon mainly include the following:

1. Personal information

Personal information refers to various information that can be individually or combined with other information to identify the personal identity of a natural person, including but not limited to the natural person’s name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, Phone number etc.

When you register an account or use Dream Hotel Tycoon products and services, with your consent and confirmation, Dream Hotel Tycoon may collect the relevant personal information you provide, such as name, gender, age, date of birth, ID number, bank card number , Email address, phone number, mailing address, occupation, education level, etc.

2. Equipment information

Equipment information refers to the information of the equipment used when you use Dream Hotel Tycoon products or services.

When you use Dream Hotel Tycoon products or services, Dream Hotel Tycoon will collect information about the devices you use Dream Hotel Tycoon products or services, such as device name, device model, device identification code, operating system and application version, language settings, Resolution, service provider network ID (pLMN), etc. This information can help Dream Hotel Tycoon provide you with better information display or product services.

3. Location information

Location information refers to the information about your location collected when you turn on the device positioning function and use the related services provided by Dream Hotel Tycoon based on location, including:

(1) When you turn on the device positioning function and use Dream Hotel Tycoon related products or services, Dream Hotel Tycoon may use GpS, WiFi or other technical methods to collect and process information about your actual location.

(2) Real-time information including your geographic location provided by you or other users. For example, shared information uploaded by you or others showing your current or previous geographic location, and geotag information contained in photos shared by you or others.

(3) If you do not want to be accessed, you can choose to turn off the relevant functions of the device or product/service, but this may affect Dream Hotel Tycoon to provide you with relevant services.

4. Log information

Refers to when you use Dream Hotel Tycoon products and services, the system may automatically collect certain information through cookies or other methods and store it in server logs. Such information may include:

(1) Detailed usage of Dream Hotel Tycoon products and services, such as the web search terms you use, the page address you visit, and other information and content details that you browse or request when using Dream Hotel Tycoon services; user habits Statistical data, such as setting item information when using the Dream Hotel Tycoon input method, the number of uses of some buttons, the number of words on the screen, etc. This type of data is anonymous, and Dream Hotel Tycoon cannot locate specific users based on the uploaded data .

(2) Device or software information, such as the configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser or other programs used to access Dream Hotel Tycoon products or services, the version and device identification code used by the mobile device, etc.

(3) Equipment event information, such as crashes, system activities, etc.

(4) Ip address.

5. Other information collected after your consent.


2. Purpose and rules of use of information collected by Dream Hotel Tycoon

(1) We may use the collected information for the following purposes:

1. When Dream Hotel Tycoon provides products and services, it is used for identity verification, customer service, security protection, archiving and backup, etc., to ensure the safety of the products and services provided by Dream Hotel Tycoon to you.

2. Guarantee the normal realization of the product or service function provided for you. For example: In order to realize your personalized recommendation function, understand how you access and use Dream Hotel Tycoon's products and services, so as to respond to your personalized needs, such as language settings, location settings, and personalized Help services and instructions, or make other responses to you and other users, etc.

3. Improve the existing products and services of Dream Hotel Tycoon and enhance the user experience. E.g

(1) Dream Hotel Tycoon may collect your browsing information, your interests and hobbies (you can choose in the account settings) for data analysis, to show you the service information you are interested in; or to show you when you search Show the content of the information you might want to find.

(2) Dream Hotel Tycoon may also obtain other information about you for reasonable needs to provide services and improve service quality, including relevant information you provide when you contact customer service, and the questionnaire sent to Dream Hotel Tycoon when you participate in the questionnaire survey Reply information and related information obtained by Dream Hotel Tycoon when you interact with Dream Hotel Tycoon.

(3) For the information collected from your various devices, Dream Hotel Tycoon may associate them so that they can provide you with consistent services on these devices.

(4) Dream Hotel Tycoon may combine information from a certain service with information from other services in order to provide you with services, personalized content and suggestions.

4. Help Dream Hotel Tycoon design new products and services. For example, when Dream Hotel Tycoon provides certain products or services, it may invite users to participate in the "User Experience Improvement Program". For users who join the user experience improvement program, Dream Hotel Tycoon will perform the use of various functions of the products and services as needed. Statistics, in this way, the quality of products and services can be improved by analyzing statistical data, and innovative products and services that are helpful to users can be launched. If you don't want to participate in the program, you can choose to turn off the related functions in the related products/services.

5. Dream Hotel Tycoon may use your relevant information to provide you with more relevant advertising or promotional information. Dream Hotel Tycoon may also use your information to send you marketing information through Dream Hotel Tycoon's services, e-mail or other means, to provide or promote Dream Hotel Tycoon or third-party goods and services. If you do not want Dream Hotel Tycoon to use your personal information for the aforementioned purposes, you can request Dream Hotel Tycoon to stop using your personal information for the aforementioned purposes through the relevant channels provided in Dream Hotel Tycoon related products or services.

6. Software certification or management software upgrade.

7. According to laws and regulations, collect and use your relevant information in the following situations, in which case your authorization is not required:

(1) Related to national security and national defense security;

(2) Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;

(3) Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;

(4) It is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual in order to protect the life, property and other major legal rights of the personal information subject or other individuals;

(5) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the products and/or services provided, such as discovering and disposing of product and/or service failures;

(6) Necessary for legal news reports;

(7) When it is necessary for academic research institutions to conduct statistical or academic research based on the public interest, and when they provide academic research or description results to the outside, they de-identify the personal information contained in the results;

(8) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

8. Other purposes approved by you.

In order to provide you with a better experience, improve Dream Hotel Tycoon’s products and services, or for other purposes you agree to, and subject to relevant laws and regulations, Dream Hotel Tycoon may use information collected through a certain product or service, Used in other products and services of Dream Hotel Tycoon in an aggregated or personalized way. For example, the information collected when you use one of Dream Hotel Tycoon's services may be used in another service to provide you with specific content, or to show you related, non-general push information. If Dream Hotel Tycoon provides corresponding options in related services, you can also authorize Dream Hotel Tycoon to use the information provided and stored by the service for other services of Dream Hotel Tycoon.

(2) Rules for the use of your personal information

1. Dream Hotel Tycoon will use the collected information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy and to realize Dream Hotel Tycoon's product and/or service functions.

2. After collecting your personal information, Dream Hotel Tycoon will de-identify the data through technical means, and the de-identified information will not be able to identify the subject. Please understand and agree that in this case, Dream Hotel Tycoon has the right to use de-identified information; and without disclosing your personal information, it has the right to analyze the user database and make commercial use.

3. Please note that all personal information you provide when you use Dream Hotel Tycoon’s products and/or services, unless you delete or refuse collection by Dream Hotel Tycoon through system settings, it will be used when you use Dream Hotel Tycoon’s products and/or services. / Or continue to authorize Dream Hotel Tycoon to use during the service period. When you log out of your account, Dream Hotel Tycoon will stop using and delete your personal information.

4. Dream Hotel Tycoon will make statistics on the use of Dream Hotel Tycoon's products and/or services, and may share these statistical information with the public or third parties to show the overall usage trend of Dream Hotel Tycoon's products and/or services. But these statistics do not contain any identifying information about you.

5. When Dream Hotel Tycoon displays your personal information, Dream Hotel Tycoon will desensitize your information including content replacement and anonymization to protect your information security.

6. When Dream Hotel Tycoon wants to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or when the information collected for a specific purpose is used for other purposes, it will use you to actively check in advance. Seek your consent.


3. Information sharing, transfer and disclosure

(1) Sharing of information

1. Dream Hotel Tycoon will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than Dream Hotel Tycoon, except in the following circumstances:

(1) Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance;

(2) Provide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;

(3) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to provide Dream Hotel Tycoon or its partners, you or other users Dream Hotel Tycoon,or the public from damages to their interests, property or safety;

(4) Only by sharing your information can the core functions of Dream Hotel Tycoon's products and/or services be realized or the services you need can be provided;

(5) Dealing with disputes or disputes between you and others according to your needs;

(6) Provided in accordance with the relevant agreement signed with you (including the electronic agreement signed online and the corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;

(7) Use based on academic research;

(8) Use based on social public interest in compliance with laws and regulations.

2.Dream Hotel Tycoon may share your personal information with affiliates of Dream Hotel Tycoon。 However, Dream Hotel Tycoon will only share necessary personal information and is subject to this privacy policy. If the affiliates of Dream Hotel Tycoon want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will again seek your authorization and consent.

3. Dream Hotel Tycoon may share your information with partners and other third parties to ensure the smooth completion of the services provided to you. However, Dream Hotel Tycoon will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary to provide services. The partners of Dream Hotel Tycoon have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.

4. For companies, organizations and individuals with whom Dream Hotel Tycoon shares personal information, Dream Hotel Tycoon will require them to abide by their confidentiality agreement, requiring them to follow the instructions of Dream Hotel Tycoon, this privacy policy and any other related confidentiality and security measures To process personal information.

5. In order to comply with the law, to implement or apply Dream Hotel Tycoon's conditions of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights of Dream Hotel Tycoon, you or other Dream Hotel Tycoon customers and their property or safety, such as to prevent fraud and other illegal activities and reduce Credit risk while exchanging information with other companies and organizations. However, this does not include personal information that is sold, rented, shared or otherwise disclosed for profit in violation of the commitments made in this privacy policy.

(2) Transfer of information

Dream Hotel Tycoon will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:

(1) Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance;

(2) Provide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;

(3) Provided in accordance with relevant agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;

(4) When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, if it involves the transfer of personal information, Dream Hotel Tycoon will require new companies and organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise, Dream Hotel Tycoon will ask the company or organization to ask you for authorization again.

(3) Disclosure of information

Dream Hotel Tycoon will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and adopting industry-standard safety protection measures:

(1) You agree to or authorize Dream Hotel Tycoon to disclose;

(2) You use the sharing function;

(3) In cases where your personal information must be provided in accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, Dream Hotel Tycoon may publicly disclose your personal information based on the required personal information types and disclosure methods. Under the premise of complying with laws and regulations, when Dream Hotel Tycoon receives the above request for disclosure of information, Dream Hotel Tycoon will require the corresponding legal documents to be issued. Dream Hotel Tycoon has carefully reviewed all requests to ensure It has a legal basis and is limited to data obtained by law enforcement agencies for specific investigation purposes and with legal rights;

(4) In an emergency, to protect the legal rights or public safety and interests of you, Dream Hotel Tycoon and other users;

(5) Comply with the user agreement of Dream Hotel Tycoon related products and services or other similar agreements.


Fourth, our information security protection

1. Dream Hotel Tycoon will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purpose described in this policy and within the time limit required by laws and regulations.

2. Data security technical measures: Dream Hotel Tycoon will adopt security protection measures that meet industry standards, including establishing reasonable system specifications and security technologies to prevent your personal information from unauthorized access, use, modification, and data damage Or lost; Dream Hotel Tycoon will use security technology and procedures to monitor and record network operation status and network security incidents, and take necessary technical measures to ensure network security to prevent information loss, improper use, unauthorized reading or disclosure. For example, in some services, Dream Hotel Tycoon will use encryption technology to protect the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious methods that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if you do your best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access Dream Hotel Tycoon's products and services may have problems due to factors outside the controllable range of Dream Hotel Tycoon.

3. Dream Hotel Tycoon only allows employees and partners who need to know this information to access personal information, and has set up strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. Dream Hotel Tycoon also requires all persons who may have access to your personal information to perform corresponding confidentiality obligations. If you fail to fulfill these obligations, you may be held accountable or be suspended from the partnership with Dream Hotel Tycoon.

4. Dream Hotel Tycoon will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. Dream Hotel Tycoon will only retain your personal information for the period required to achieve the purpose stated in the policy, unless it is necessary to extend the retention period or is permitted by law.

5. The content and information you provide, upload or publish when you use Dream Hotel Tycoon's products and services (such as photos and other information about your personal activities) may reveal your personal information. You need to carefully consider whether to disclose relevant personal information when using Dream Hotel Tycoon's products and services. In some cases, you can control the range of users who have the right to browse your shared information through the privacy settings of certain products and services of Dream Hotel Tycoon.

6. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and the communication methods with other users such as e-mail, instant messaging, social software, etc. cannot be determined whether it is completely encrypted. Dream Hotel Tycoon recommends that you use complex passwords when using such tools, and take care to protect you Security of personal information.

7. Security incident handling: In order to deal with possible risks such as personal information leakage, damage and loss, Dream Hotel Tycoon has established a special emergency response team, in accordance with the company’s relevant security incident handling specifications, and launches security plans for different security incidents. Stop loss, analyze, formulate remedial measures, and cooperate with relevant departments to trace the source and crack down. At the same time, Dream Hotel Tycoon will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures that Dream Hotel Tycoon has taken or will take, and suggestions that you can prevent and reduce risks on your own. Remedial measures, etc. At the same time, Dream Hotel Tycoon will promptly notify you of the incident by e-mail, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. If it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, Dream Hotel Tycoon will take a reasonable and effective way to issue an announcement. At the same time, Dream Hotel Tycoon will also proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.


5. Your management of personal information

1. You have the right to access, correct, and delete your personal information; however, the deletion or modification of related information may affect your use of related products or services or lead to the realization of some functions.

2. You have the right to change the scope of your authorization or to withdraw your authorization; you can change the scope or scope of your authorization to continue collecting personal information by Dream Hotel Tycoon by deleting information, turning off device functions, and setting privacy settings in the website or software. Withdraw your authorization. You can also withdraw all authorization of Dream Hotel Tycoon to continue collecting your personal information by canceling your account. Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. After you withdraw your consent or authorization, Dream Hotel Tycoon cannot continue to provide you with services corresponding to the withdrawal of your consent or authorization, and will no longer process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.

3. You can also directly apply for cancellation of the relevant product account if the agreed conditions of the relevant product are met. After you cancel your account, Dream Hotel Tycoon will stop providing you with products and/or services, and at your request, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, Dream Hotel Tycoon will delete your personal information.

4. Dream Hotel Tycoon will take appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can inquire, supplement, correct or delete your personal information, or apply for Dream Hotel Tycoon’s complaints through the feedback or complaint channels released by Dream Hotel Tycoon related products or services. Information is supplemented, corrected or deleted; after Dream Hotel Tycoon receives your application, it will be processed according to the process (for example, Dream Hotel Tycoon may require you to provide relevant certificates to confirm your identity).

5. If you are unable to access, correct or delete your personal information, or you need to access, correct or delete other personal information generated when you use Dream Hotel Tycoon products and/or services, or if you think Dream Hotel Tycoon has any In violation of laws and regulations or the agreement with you on the collection or use of personal information, you can contact Dream Hotel Tycoon through the official feedback channel of related products or services announced by Dream Hotel Tycoon or through the email bill7605486@gmail.com.


6. Protection of minors' information

1. Dream Hotel Tycoon attaches great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain the consent of your parents or their legal guardian (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "guardian") before submitting your personal information.

2. Dream Hotel Tycoon encourages guardians to guide minors to use Dream Hotel Tycoon's products and services, and recommends that minors encourage their guardians to read this policy.

3. The guardian shall bear the primary responsibility for protecting the privacy of minors in the network environment.

4. Dream Hotel Tycoon will protect the relevant information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations.


7. Disclaimer

In addition to the exemptions listed in this policy, Dream Hotel Tycoon does not have to bear any responsibility for the following situations:

1. Any personal information leaked, lost, stolen or tampered with is caused by you telling others the user password, sharing the registered account with others, or because of your personal improper keeping.

2. Any personal information leakage, loss, theft or tampering caused by force majeure that affects the normal operation of the network due to hacking, computer virus intrusion or attack, temporary shutdown due to government control, etc.

3. The leakage of personal information caused by other websites linked to Dream Hotel Tycoon and any legal disputes and consequences arising therefrom.

4. The leakage of personal information caused by other reasons other than Dream Hotel Tycoon and any legal disputes and consequences arising therefrom.


8. The scope of application of this policy

1. This policy applies to all products and services of Dream Hotel Tycoon. Specific privacy policies for certain specific products and services will be specifically specified in the relevant product and service use agreement or a separate privacy agreement. The privacy terms of these specific products and services form part of this policy. If the privacy clauses of related specific products and services are inconsistent with this policy, the privacy clauses of the specific products and services shall apply.

2. This policy only applies to the information collected by Dream Hotel Tycoon, and does not apply to any third-party products and services or third-party information usage rules, such as third-party products accepted through Dream Hotel Tycoon's products and services This policy does not apply to the information collected by the service (including any third-party websites). Dream Hotel Tycoon is not responsible for any third party's use of the information provided by you.

3. If you have any questions about this privacy policy while using Dream Hotel Tycoon products and services, you can contact Dream Hotel Tycoon through the official feedback channel of related products or services announced by Dream Hotel Tycoon or by email bill7605486@gmail.com.


9. The revision and effective date of this policy

Dream Hotel Tycoon may revise the terms of this policy in due course, and such revisions form part of this policy. The revised policy Dream Hotel Tycoon will be released in a timely manner. If you continue to use Dream Hotel Tycoon products and services, you agree to be bound by the revised privacy policy.

This policy was issued on July 6, 2021, and became effective on July 6, 2021.
