Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 Privacy Policy

introduction

Private information refers to secrets that citizens do not want to disclose or know for others in their personal lives. Traffic Tycoon Empire values the protection of user privacy information. When you use ITraffic Tycoon Empire products and services, Traffic Tycoon Empire may collect and use your relevant information. Traffic Tycoon Empire hopes to use this policy to explain to you the information that Traffic Tycoon Empire may collect (including collection methods), the purpose of collecting this information, Traffic Tycoon Empire and how you protect the security of this information, etc. Please read this policy carefully before using all products and services of Traffic Tycoon Empire, and make sure you understand our handling rules for your personal information. If you have any questions about this privacy agreement, you can contact us for consultation. If you do not agree to any terms in this privacy agreement, you should immediately stop using Traffic Tycoon Empire products and services. Once you choose to use or update this privacy policy in Traffic Tycoon Empire (Traffic Tycoon Empire will prompt you to update the situation) continue to use Traffic Tycoon Empire products and services, it means that you recognize and accept all of this policy (including the updated version) Content, and agree that Traffic Tycoon Empire collects, uses, saves and shares your relevant information in accordance with this policy.

1. Information we may collect

2. The purpose of the information we collect and the rules of use

3. Information sharing, transfer and disclosure

Fourth, our information security protection

5. Your management of personal information

6. Protection of minors' information

7. Disclaimer

8. The scope of application of this policy

9. The revision and effective date of this policy


1. Information we may collect

Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 collects information in order to provide better services to all users. The main sources of information collected by Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 are: information you provide to Traffic Tycoon Empire, information obtained by Traffic Tycoon Empire during your use of Traffic Tycoon Empire products and services, and your information shared by third parties. The types of information collected by Traffic Tycoon Empire mainly include the following:

1. Personal information

Personal information refers to various information that can be individually or combined with other information to identify the personal identity of a natural person, including but not limited to the natural person’s name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, Phone number etc.

When you register an account or use Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 products and services, with your consent and confirmation, Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 may collect the relevant personal information you provide, such as name, gender, age, date of birth, ID number, bank card number , Email address, phone number, mailing address, occupation, education level, etc.

2. Equipment information

Equipment information refers to the information of the equipment used when you use Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 products or services.

When you use Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 products or services, Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will collect information about the devices you use Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 products or services, such as device name, device model, device identification code, operating system and application version, language settings, Resolution, service provider network ID (pLMN), etc. This information can help Traffic Tycoon Empire provide you with better information display or product services.

3. Location information

Location information refers to the information about your location collected when you turn on the device positioning function and use the related services provided by Traffic Tycoon Empire based on location, including:

(1) When you turn on the device positioning function and use Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 related products or services, Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 may use GpS, WiFi or other technical methods to collect and process information about your actual location.

(2) Real-time information including your geographic location provided by you or other users. For example, shared information uploaded by you or others showing your current or previous geographic location, and geotag information contained in photos shared by you or others.

(3) If you do not want to be accessed, you can choose to turn off the relevant functions of the device or product/service, but this may affect Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 to provide you with relevant services.

4. Log information

Refers to when you use Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 products and services, the system may automatically collect certain information through cookies or other methods and store it in server logs. Such information may include:

(1) Detailed usage of Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 products and services, such as the web search terms you use, the page address you visit, and other information and content details that you browse or request when using Traffic Tycoon Empire services; user habits Statistical data, such as setting item information when using the Traffic Tycoon Empire input method, the number of uses of some buttons, the number of words on the screen, etc. This type of data is anonymous, and Traffic Tycoon Empire cannot locate specific users based on the uploaded data .

(2) Device or software information, such as the configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser or other programs used to access Traffic Tycoon Empire products or services, the version and device identification code used by the mobile device, etc.

(3) Equipment event information, such as crashes, system activities, etc.

(4) Ip address.

5. Other information collected after your consent.


2. Purpose and rules of use of information collected by Idle Traffic Tycoon 2

(1) We may use the collected information for the following purposes:

1. When Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 provides products and services, it is used for identity verification, customer service, security protection, archiving and backup, etc., to ensure the safety of the products and services provided by Traffic Tycoon Empire to you.

2. Guarantee the normal realization of the product or service function provided for you. For example: In order to realize your personalized recommendation function, understand how you access and use Traffic Tycoon Empire's products and services, so as to respond to your personalized needs, such as language settings, location settings, and personalized Help services and instructions, or make other responses to you and other users, etc.

3. Improve the existing products and services of Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 and enhance the user experience. E.g

(1) Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 may collect your browsing information, your interests and hobbies (you can choose in the account settings) for data analysis, to show you the service information you are interested in; or to show you when you search Show the content of the information you might want to find.

(2) Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 may also obtain other information about you for reasonable needs to provide services and improve service quality, including relevant information you provide when you contact customer service, and the questionnaire sent to Traffic Tycoon Empire when you participate in the questionnaire survey Reply information and related information obtained by Traffic Tycoon Empire when you interact with Traffic Tycoon Empire.

(3) For the information collected from your various devices, Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 may associate them so that they can provide you with consistent services on these devices.

(4) Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 may combine information from a certain service with information from other services in order to provide you with services, personalized content and suggestions.

4. Help Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 design new products and services. For example, when Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 provides certain products or services, it may invite users to participate in the "User Experience Improvement Program". For users who join the user experience improvement program, Traffic Tycoon Empire will perform the use of various functions of the products and services as needed. Statistics, in this way, the quality of products and services can be improved by analyzing statistical data, and innovative products and services that are helpful to users can be launched. If you don't want to participate in the program, you can choose to turn off the related functions in the related products/services.

5. Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 may use your relevant information to provide you with more relevant advertising or promotional information. Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 may also use your information to send you marketing information through Traffic Tycoon Empire's services, e-mail or other means, to provide or promote Traffic Tycoon Empire or third-party goods and services. If you do not want Traffic Tycoon Empire to use your personal information for the aforementioned purposes, you can request Traffic Tycoon Empire to stop using your personal information for the aforementioned purposes through the relevant channels provided in Traffic Tycoon Empire related products or services.

6. Software certification or management software upgrade.

7. According to laws and regulations, collect and use your relevant information in the following situations, in which case your authorization is not required:

(1) Related to national security and national defense security;

(2) Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;

(3) Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;

(4) It is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual in order to protect the life, property and other major legal rights of the personal information subject or other individuals;

(5) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the products and/or services provided, such as discovering and disposing of product and/or service failures;

(6) Necessary for legal news reports;

(7) When it is necessary for academic research institutions to conduct statistical or academic research based on the public interest, and when they provide academic research or description results to the outside, they de-identify the personal information contained in the results;

(8) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

8. Other purposes approved by you.

In order to provide you with a better experience, improve Idle Traffic Tycoon 2’s products and services, or for other purposes you agree to, and subject to relevant laws and regulations, Traffic Tycoon Empire may use information collected through a certain product or service, Used in other products and services of Traffic Tycoon Empire in an aggregated or personalized way. For example, the information collected when you use one of Traffic Tycoon Empire's services may be used in another service to provide you with specific content, or to show you related, non-general push information. If Traffic Tycoon Empire provides corresponding options in related services, you can also authorize Traffic Tycoon Empire to use the information provided and stored by the service for other services of Traffic Tycoon Empire.

(2) Rules for the use of your personal information

1. Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will use the collected information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy and to realize Idle Traffic Tycoon 2's product and/or service functions.

2. After collecting your personal information, Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will de-identify the data through technical means, and the de-identified information will not be able to identify the subject. Please understand and agree that in this case, Traffic Tycoon Empire has the right to use de-identified information; and without disclosing your personal information, it has the right to analyze the user database and make commercial use.

3. Please note that all personal information you provide when you use Idle Traffic Tycoon 2’s products and/or services, unless you delete or refuse collection by Traffic Tycoon Empire through system settings, it will be used when you use Traffic Tycoon Empire’s products and/or services. / Or continue to authorize Traffic Tycoon Empire to use during the service period. When you log out of your account, Traffic Tycoon Empire will stop using and delete your personal information.

4. Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will make statistics on the use of Idle Traffic Tycoon 2's products and/or services, and may share these statistical information with the public or third parties to show the overall usage trend of Traffic Tycoon Empire's products and/or services. But these statistics do not contain any identifying information about you.

5. When Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 displays your personal information, Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will desensitize your information including content replacement and anonymization to protect your information security.

6. When Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 wants to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or when the information collected for a specific purpose is used for other purposes, it will use you to actively check in advance. Seek your consent.


3. Information sharing, transfer and disclosure

(1) Sharing of information

1. Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than Idle Traffic Tycoon 2, except in the following circumstances:

(1) Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance;

(2) Provide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;

(3) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to provide Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 or its partners, you or other users Traffic Tycoon Empire,or the public from damages to their interests, property or safety;

(4) Only by sharing your information can the core functions of Idle Traffic Tycoon 2's products and/or services be realized or the services you need can be provided;

(5) Dealing with disputes or disputes between you and others according to your needs;

(6) Provided in accordance with the relevant agreement signed with you (including the electronic agreement signed online and the corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;

(7) Use based on academic research;

(8) Use based on social public interest in compliance with laws and regulations.

2.Idle Traffic Tycoon 2  may share your personal information with affiliates of Idle Traffic Tycoon 2。 However, Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will only share necessary personal information and is subject to this privacy policy. If the affiliates of Traffic Tycoon Empire want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will again seek your authorization and consent.

3. Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 may share your information with partners and other third parties to ensure the smooth completion of the services provided to you. However, Traffic Tycoon Empire will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary to provide services. The partners of Traffic Tycoon Empire have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.

4. For companies, organizations and individuals with whom Traffic Tycoon Empire shares personal information, Traffic Tycoon Empire will require them to abide by their confidentiality agreement, requiring them to follow the instructions of Traffic Tycoon Empire, this privacy policy and any other related confidentiality and security measures To process personal information.

5. In order to comply with the law, to implement or apply Idle Traffic Tycoon 2's conditions of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights of Traffic Tycoon Empire, you or other Traffic Tycoon Empire customers and their property or safety, such as to prevent fraud and other illegal activities and reduce Credit risk while exchanging information with other companies and organizations. However, this does not include personal information that is sold, rented, shared or otherwise disclosed for profit in violation of the commitments made in this privacy policy.

(2) Transfer of information

Traffic Tycoon Empire will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:

(1) Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance;

(2) Provide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;

(3) Provided in accordance with relevant agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;

(4) When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, if it involves the transfer of personal information, Traffic Tycoon Empire will require new companies and organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise, Traffic Tycoon Empire will ask the company or organization to ask you for authorization again.

(3) Disclosure of information

Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and adopting industry-standard safety protection measures:

(1) You agree to or authorize Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 to disclose;

(2) You use the sharing function;

(3) In cases where your personal information must be provided in accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, Traffic Tycoon Empire may publicly disclose your personal information based on the required personal information types and disclosure methods. Under the premise of complying with laws and regulations, when Traffic Tycoon Empire receives the above request for disclosure of information, Traffic Tycoon Empire will require the corresponding legal documents to be issued. Traffic Tycoon Empire has carefully reviewed all requests to ensure It has a legal basis and is limited to data obtained by law enforcement agencies for specific investigation purposes and with legal rights;

(4) In an emergency, to protect the legal rights or public safety and interests of you, Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 and other users;

(5) Comply with the user agreement of Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 related products and services or other similar agreements.


Fourth, our information security protection

1. Idle Traffic Tycoon will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purpose described in this policy and within the time limit required by laws and regulations.

2. Data security technical measures: Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will adopt security protection measures that meet industry standards, including establishing reasonable system specifications and security technologies to prevent your personal information from unauthorized access, use, modification, and data damage Or lost; Traffic Tycoon Empire will use security technology and procedures to monitor and record network operation status and network security incidents, and take necessary technical measures to ensure network security to prevent information loss, improper use, unauthorized reading or disclosure. For example, in some services, Traffic Tycoon Empire will use encryption technology to protect the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious methods that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if you do your best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access Traffic Tycoon Empire's products and services may have problems due to factors outside the controllable range of Traffic Tycoon Empire.

3. Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 only allows employees and partners who need to know this information to access personal information, and has set up strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. Traffic Tycoon Empire also requires all persons who may have access to your personal information to perform corresponding confidentiality obligations. If you fail to fulfill these obligations, you may be held accountable or be suspended from the partnership with Traffic Tycoon Empire.

4. Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will only retain your personal information for the period required to achieve the purpose stated in the policy, unless it is necessary to extend the retention period or is permitted by law.

5. The content and information you provide, upload or publish when you use Idle Traffic Tycoon 2's products and services (such as photos and other information about your personal activities) may reveal your personal information. You need to carefully consider whether to disclose relevant personal information when using Traffic Tycoon Empire's products and services. In some cases, you can control the range of users who have the right to browse your shared information through the privacy settings of certain products and services of Traffic Tycoon Empire.

6. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and the communication methods with other users such as e-mail, instant messaging, social software, etc. cannot be determined whether it is completely encrypted. Traffic Tycoon Empire recommends that you use complex passwords when using such tools, and take care to protect you Security of personal information.

7. Security incident handling: In order to deal with possible risks such as personal information leakage, damage and loss, Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 has established a special emergency response team, in accordance with the company’s relevant security incident handling specifications, and launches security plans for different security incidents. Stop loss, analyze, formulate remedial measures, and cooperate with relevant departments to trace the source and crack down. At the same time, Traffic Tycoon Empire will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures that Traffic Tycoon Empire has taken or will take, and suggestions that you can prevent and reduce risks on your own. Remedial measures, etc. At the same time, Traffic Tycoon Empire will promptly notify you of the incident by e-mail, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. If it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, Traffic Tycoon Empire will take a reasonable and effective way to issue an announcement. At the same time, Traffic Tycoon Empire will also proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.


5. Your management of personal information

1. You have the right to access, correct, and delete your personal information; however, the deletion or modification of related information may affect your use of related products or services or lead to the realization of some functions.

2. You have the right to change the scope of your authorization or to withdraw your authorization; you can change the scope or scope of your authorization to continue collecting personal information by Traffic Tycoon Empire by deleting information, turning off device functions, and setting privacy settings in the website or software. Withdraw your authorization. You can also withdraw all authorization of Traffic Tycoon Empire to continue collecting your personal information by canceling your account. Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. After you withdraw your consent or authorization, Traffic Tycoon Empire cannot continue to provide you with services corresponding to the withdrawal of your consent or authorization, and will no longer process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.

3. You can also directly apply for cancellation of the relevant product account if the agreed conditions of the relevant product are met. After you cancel your account, Traffic Tycoon Empire will stop providing you with products and/or services, and at your request, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, Traffic Tycoon Empire will delete your personal information.

4. Traffic Tycoon Empire will take appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can inquire, supplement, correct or delete your personal information, or apply for Traffic Tycoon Empire’s complaints through the feedback or complaint channels released by Traffic Tycoon Empire related products or services. Information is supplemented, corrected or deleted; after Traffic Tycoon Empire receives your application, it will be processed according to the process (for example, Traffic Tycoon Empire may require you to provide relevant certificates to confirm your identity).

5. If you are unable to access, correct or delete your personal information, or you need to access, correct or delete other personal information generated when you use Traffic Tycoon Empire products and/or services, or if you think Traffic Tycoon Empire has any In violation of laws and regulations or the agreement with you on the collection or use of personal information, you can contact Traffic Tycoon Empire through the official feedback channel of related products or services announced by Traffic Tycoon Empire or through the email bill7605486@gmail.com.


6. Protection of minors' information

1. Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 attaches great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain the consent of your parents or their legal guardian (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "guardian") before submitting your personal information.

2. Idle Traffic Tycoon 2  encourages guardians to guide minors to use Idle Traffic Tycoon 2's products and services, and recommends that minors encourage their guardians to read this policy.

3. The guardian shall bear the primary responsibility for protecting the privacy of minors in the network environment.

4. Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will protect the relevant information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations.


7. Disclaimer

In addition to the exemptions listed in this policy, Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 does not have to bear any responsibility for the following situations:

1. Any personal information leaked, lost, stolen or tampered with is caused by you telling others the user password, sharing the registered account with others, or because of your personal improper keeping.

2. Any personal information leakage, loss, theft or tampering caused by force majeure that affects the normal operation of the network due to hacking, computer virus intrusion or attack, temporary shutdown due to government control, etc.

3. The leakage of personal information caused by other websites linked to Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 and any legal disputes and consequences arising therefrom.

4. The leakage of personal information caused by other reasons other than Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 and any legal disputes and consequences arising therefrom.


8. The scope of application of this policy

1. This policy applies to all products and services of Idle Traffic Tycoon 2. Specific privacy policies for certain specific products and services will be specifically specified in the relevant product and service use agreement or a separate privacy agreement. The privacy terms of these specific products and services form part of this policy. If the privacy clauses of related specific products and services are inconsistent with this policy, the privacy clauses of the specific products and services shall apply.

2. This policy only applies to the information collected by Idle Traffic Tycoon 2, and does not apply to any third-party products and services or third-party information usage rules, such as third-party products accepted through Traffic Tycoon Empire's products and services This policy does not apply to the information collected by the service (including any third-party websites). Traffic Tycoon Empire is not responsible for any third party's use of the information provided by you.

3. If you have any questions about this privacy policy while using Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 products and services, you can contact Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 through the official feedback channel of related products or services announced by Traffic Tycoon Empire or by email bill7605486@gmail.com.


9. The revision and effective date of this policy

Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 may revise the terms of this policy in due course, and such revisions form part of this policy. The revised policy Idle Traffic Tycoon 2 will be released in a timely manner. If you continue to use Traffic Tycoon Empire products and services, you agree to be bound by the revised privacy policy.

This policy was issued on July 6, 2021, and became effective on July 6, 2021.
